Enhance the frame for CI (#345)
terraform-redhat/terraform-provider-rhcs: tests/README.md

  * Export the token
    * `export RHCS_TOKEN=<rhcs token>` #If it had been run, then you can skip
  * Export the label filter to locate the preparation case
    * `export LabelFilter="destroy"` #This filter only choose the destroy case for resources destroy
  * Run make command
    * `make e2e_test`

> ### To run on local simulate CI without make file

Reviewer: Are the flows with  `make e2e_test` command still relevant?

Also it fails on • [PANICKED] [50.411 seconds]
TF Test Create cluster test [It] CreateClusterByProfile [day1-prepare]
/Users/amalykhi/repos/terraform-provider-rhcs/tests/e2e/cluster_creation.go:13

  [PANICKED] Test Panicked
  In [It] at: /opt/homebrew/Cellar/go/1.20.4/libexec/src/runtime/iface.go:262 @ 10/18/23 15:36:56.799

  interface conversion: interface {} is nil, not []interface {}

Author: Good to know you fixed it. Resolve it.

> This allows run by case filter to simulate CI. Anybody can customize the case label filter to filter out the cases want to run

Reviewer 2: I didn't understand it. 
@EricPonvelle can you rephrase it or help @xueli181114 with it?

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like that: 
```suggestion
### Running a local CI simulation
This feature allows for running tests through a case filter to simulate CI. Anyone can customize the case label filter to select the specific cases that would be run. 
```
